Let 's use this fun tool called Lego Digital Designer from now on.
I'll see.
Yerego Digital Designers This tool, called ldd for short,
And
If you are interested to see now, as you can see, the screen yen of products LEGO mi Storm
There is a sensor, a computer, and a motor.
We use this to make this machine in working form through Lego
That's why it's a concept.
Well, as you can see, this is not what you wanted me explain itself
Products that you
Using the 3d modeling tool 2 Using the 3d tool
Machi 2 Briggs usually put the block that I worked hard Britt
Using the Briggs just as you do this, you create simulations
Or is it modeling?
That same kind of thing that makes you do these things
It is a tool
You can see it from a distance or from a distance.
And if you do this,
As you can see, there's some ominous music.
Yes
The background behind the metallurgy
Oh so ooo
I'll take it .
And, as you can see,
This process we are creating
There are also features that you can play 1 1 2
As you can see.
These are tools that offer a variety of these features
It is our goal to learn how to use this tool
But I do not know the Lego digital designer
It's only been two days.
It was
Well, I know that I'm not a very good user of this
I'll tell you.
If there is something I am misrepresenting or something I am missing,
If you give me advice, you will be able to
I'll do it
And the reason I made this class was because my nephew
I love this Lego so much, so I showed it to my nephew .
I liked it too.
So the effect is not yet good at computers, but using this tool
If your nephew helps me get started on some sort of computer like this,
I was interested in this tool because I thought it would be nice, and unfortunately,
I'm a little far away
So I class by class to create a video sent to the niece
This is the lesson that you are seeing now .
Secondly, my goal is,
I do not need to make Seoul for my nephew alone .
I'm going to organize a class.
And, as I think, my lesson is, first of all,
If these young friends are helped by their young friends rather than seen by their parents
or
These uncle aunts are probably the ones who told the children that this program
I think you'll see our class to tell us how to use it.
Oh, and with the help of such graduates, this Lego Digital Designer
If you are a younger friend who knows how to use it,
I hope you will be able to create a class with the expectation that you will understand
I'll do it
So in the next video, note that the tool has some configuration
Each configuration has its own overall usage of how to use it.
I will explain.